feat: HTML Table data keys synchronize order with Heading keys (#7409)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/outgoing/table.rst

.. literalinclude:: table/008.php

> Synchronizing row columns with heading

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Synchronizing Rows with Headings
```

> Synchronizing row columns with heading
> ======================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Synchronizing Rows with Headings
================================
```

.. versionadded:: 4.4.0

> ``setSyncRowsWithHeading(true)`` enables that each data value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``setSyncRowsWithHeading(true)`` method enables that each data value
```

is placed in the same column as defined in ``setHeading()`` if an
associative array was used as parameter. This is especially useful
when dealing with data loaded via REST API where the order is not to
your liking, or if the API returned too much data.

> If a data row contains a ``key`` which does not exist the heading,
> the value will be filtered out. Vise versa if a data row does not have key
> mentioned in heading, it places an empty cell for that spot.

Reviewer: We use ` `` ` for source code or an item in source code. `key` is not in the source code.
If you really want to emphasize it, use `` `key` ``.

```suggestion
If a data row contains a key that is not present in the heading, its value is
filtered. Conversely, if a data row does not have a key listed in the heading,
an empty cell will be placed in its place.
```

.. literalinclude:: table/019.php

.. important:: You must call ``setSyncRowsWithHeading(true)`` and
    ``setHeading([...])`` before adding any rows via ``addRow([...])`` where
    the rearrangement of columns takes place.

> You get the same result by using the result array is input in ``generate()``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using an array as input to ``generate()`` produces the same result:
```
